welcome to english as a second language, podcast number four hundred and sixty one buying car insurance. this is english as a second language. podcast episode four hundred and fifty one. i'm your host dr jeff mcquillan coming to you from the center for educational development in beautiful los angeles, california. our website is e s l p o d dot com. go there to download a learning guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary definitions sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension. checks and a complete transcript of this episode. this episode is called buying car insurance. it's a dialogue between jackie and an agent. someone who sells insurance for cars in it will use a lot of common vocabulary and talking about cars and car insurance. let's get started hello crash it insurance. hi i wanted to get a quote for car insurance sure i can help you with that. i assume you want liability insurance, but what? other coverage would you like to get hmm? i'm not sure this is my first car. in that case, let me make a few suggestions. you'll definitely want collision insurance it pays to fix your car if you hit another car or run into something. okay, sure i want that you'll also want comprehensive insurance it pays for damage to your car. how's it different from collision insurance. well, it pays for damage to your car that's not a result of an accident like. in the case of theft, weather damage or vandalism. okay, i want that too you'll want property damage insurance to pay for damage you cause to someone else's property. on top of that, you'll want uninsured motorist insurance in case the other driver doesn't have insurance or doesn't have enough insurance to pay for the damage to your car. i guess i'll take that too, and i don't think you can do without medical payments insurance. it pays for your medical bills and those. of your passengers in case of an accident should i get you a quote for all of this coverage? why don't you hold off on that? i'm not sure how i'm going to pay for all that can buy gas too. this is a telephone conversation between a car insurance agent, a person who sells car insurance and jackie the agent answers the phone. hello crash it insurance jackie says hi. i wanted to get a quote for car insurance a quote is an estimate and a. xiaomi cost of something how much something will cost to me? so if you take your car to a mechanic to get it fixed, you may ask for an estimate. a quote on how much the repairs will be or if you are having someone come to your house and paint the walls. 
